# Driver related



## 1 About python





**Q: send_coords([x,y,z,rx,ry,rz], speed, 1) What do the parameters in this API mean? What do rx, ry, and rz correspond to Euler angles? What is the order of rotation of Euler angles? And what is the value range of each parameter?**

- A: The parameters in the previous array are the end coordinates of the robotic arm, speed is the speed, and the last parameter is the motion mode. rx, ry, and rz should correspond to rpy, which means roll, pitch, and yaw respectively. The order of Euler angles is zyx, and zyx is its own coordinate. The value ranges of


**Q: Are sample tutorials for python API provided?**

- A: There is currently a demo, and there is test code in the Test folder of github. You can execute it with the terminal. https://github.com/elephantrobotics/pymycobot/tree/main/demo



**Q: How to run the python drag teaching demo of mycobot280-Pi?**
- A: Run in the terminal, please enter 1000000 for the baud rate.


**Q: Mycobot280-Pi uses the python zero position calibration demo program. Why is there an error?**

- A: The atom firmware is not burned. Please burn the atom firmware first and then run the program.



**Q: Are the python APIs of different versions of robotic arms the same?**

- A: The API is the same.







## 2 About ROS



**Q: How do microcontroller-based robotic arms and microprocessor-based robotic arms run ROS?**

- A: The microcontroller-based robotic arm is currently on Ubuntu. We need to download a virtual machine to build a virtual environment, and install the Ubuntu system in the virtual environment to run ROS. You can also develop your own ROS. The microprocessor-based robotic arm comes with its own ROS environment and can be used directly.


**Q: Can a microprocessor-based robotic arm be connected to a PC to use ros and moveit?**

- A: The current open source data does not have direct communication control. It can be implemented by modifying the existing node file through ros + socket.

**Q: Can you provide rviz model files and programming examples?**

- A: It is available on our github.
https://github.com/elephantrobotics/mycobot_ros

**Q: Can myAGV remotely control mapping?**

- A: You can remotely build maps. We are an open source ROS control interface.




**Q: When using ROS to start the rviz model file, why does the error message permission denied: '/dev/ttyUSB0' appear?**

- A: It's because the serial port permission is not given. You should type sudo chmod 777 port name in the terminal.


**Q: When running the slider control and model follow commands of ros, why is the error _init_() takes exactly 2 arguments (3 given) reported?**

-A: The pymycobot library is not installed and started.

**Q: When using ROS, why is the robot arm angle inconsistent with the model angle after opening the rviz model?**

- A: It is very likely that the zero position of the robotic arm is not calibrated, and the zero position of the robotic arm needs to be calibrated.

---
[← Previous page](./14.0-how_to_ask.md) | [Next page → ](./14.2-software.md)